Reading Assignment: 
Article 1: What Google learned from its quest to build the perfect team 
1. In this article, the author discusses the essence of forming an effective team, in which I feel like I could learn something from it in our class’s study group.  
Study groups, ia a way for students to practice working in teams and a reflection of the increasing demand for employees who can adroitly navigate group dynamics. 
2. In this journal, a keyword that is being mentioned about is “norms” , it is defined as  traditions, behavioral standards and unwritten rules that govern how groupmates function when they gather. 
What distinguished the ‘‘good’’ teams from the dysfunctional groups was how teammates treated one another. 
The right norms, in other words, could raise a group’s collective intelligence, whereas the wrong norms could hobble a team, even if, individually, all the members were exceptionally bright.
3. I really agree with the author on this point, when working on the group project, if there is one group member who is arrogant or too talkative, it would usually form a bad team which leads to the bad performance. One of my friend is in business major, which requires a lot of teamwork together to finish the group project, 
she said that a good team would boost the performance, while the bad team would make you don’t even want to stay with them for even one more minute. 
4. Another idea defined in the article is "psychological safety" — a group culture defines as a ‘‘shared belief held by members of a team that the team is safe for the interpersonal risk-taking.’’ Psychological safety is ‘‘a sense of confidence that the team will not embarrass, reject or punish someone for speaking up.’’
5. I think that I really learn a lot of new concepts from this article, for which hopefully will be useful in the later group work. 

Article 2: Why We Should Stop Grading Students on a Curve
1. In this article, the author basically described his opinion about how professors should grade their students in the class, 
as the author suggests: student’s grading should not be based on a curve, and a collaborative, cooperative environment should be  encouraged among the class.  
I think that’s exactly what we are doing in this class, as we are divided into study groups, and we as students, are encouraged to work with each other on assignments, projects, etc. 
2. But compared with what the author describes in the article, there is a slightly difference. 
In our class, we finished our homework and project with a collaborative work, no matter in the assigned work group or by spontaneously gather together for study. 
But the grade merely depends on the individual work, rather than the collaborative one. 
I think I agree more with our class method, we could work with each other to finish the homework, but every student should be evaluated independently based on their mastery of class material. 
3. I kinda don't agree with the author’s opinion when he states that “ grade curve create an atmosphere that’s toxic by pitting students against one another”. 
For most of the classes that I take, professor gave the grade based on the grade curve, that is usually matches with a Gaussian distribution, 
and turns our that most students will get an A or A- in the class if the grading is not that harsh. 
In those classes,  I don’t really sense an environment that students would fight each other with grading, rather than that they will strive for even one point with professor/ TA. 
And that’s not what instructors expect to see, they want to see how students understand those material. 
4. Also, the author briefly describes the concept of “giver” and “taker”, for which “takers,” who aim to come out ahead, and “givers,” who enjoy helping others. 
In the study group that we formed, there is a group leader who usually plays the role of “giver”. 
I totally agreed with the author that the giver will learn way more much than giver, as one of the best ways to learn something is to teach it.







